hey you two is pomp reviewer lately I've
been getting a lot of requests about how
their palm trees are giving them an
error when they're connected to webOS
quickinstall it says err device not
found etc so today I'm gonna show you to
fix that with Nova comm what you're
gonna want to do first is you're gonna
want to go in go to control panel
uninstall program
you want to scroll down if you already
have no time on your computer you don't
want to scroll down until you see no
calm D you may want to uninstall it
this will take a minute or two to
uninstall installing you'll also take a
minute or two
so let's the gathers its information
just allow the program to do whatever
the other security
alright so now mines installed so now I
want to install the overcome
so if I have webOS click install and my
computer like most you should that if
you watch my videos and clearly so quick
what you're gonna do is you're in a
little file options
attempted Nova comm read their
installation just click that no your
computer will just sit here like it's
frozen you won't build a mess around
with much of anything I can't close it
the Nova comm is attempting to install
something you should be able to plug in
your Palm Pre and you'll have no issues
I'll make sure your developer mode is
enabled
um it's not to do so just type it up up
down down left right left right B a
start
almost one word no spaces in it so this
wait for us to install and it shouldn't
take too long to do
so while the program
and
should be just about complete
there you go nice bill just plugging it
povery and you can click this button
right here and you won't get this error
so thank you for watching YouTube
hopefully this helped sitting into some
most of you guys's questions thank you
for watching and please subscribe